Komatsu yeah
so it's not like izakaya it's like more like
(***)
creshen (***)
I'll try it on
Okay, next time try.
You said you liked what?
Hachi is so good. I love Hachi. We went before.
It is so good yeah
(***) I liked that before. Did you like it?
Well, that to me is like in the in the.
and the plaza next, like right in front of it, in front of Hachi.
you
it's like the corner yeah from that place ..it's japanese
It's kind of like izakaya stuff slash like sushi.
Yeah.
A little bit of everything, but it's still a pricey site I think. Yeah, unlike the Obaachan site.
haichi I love Hachi. there..
It was worth it, like everything we had was good.
Yeah, the gobo chips were good, the dashimaki was good, everything was good.
I haven't heard that. Oh, okay.
Oh, nice. Okay.
Is it like Guadalupe and Uni?
I love uni...uni's like my favourite...very nice
miyabi right..miyabi
Miyabi is like, you know, because I know Uni Club.
Uniqlo ...Have you been to Uniqlo?
No, like way back when, like that place. No, it didn't. Yeah.
That was like the best. Have you been to Uniqlo? No, it was so good.
It's not around anymore. Yeah.
It was amazing like they would serve like just like the boat of uni with like chirashiri
like a whole like box and it was it was still like 60 something
yeah with the whole taishoku and everything
Yeah, like pre-pandemic. Yeah, I know.
No, it isn't right? (***)
Miyabi is okay,  like just...just because I know Uniqlo boots, I can't compare it.
Like uni, Miyabi is okay. It's like...
When you go to Japan, where do you go? Like Tokyo?
Tokyo (***)
right
Really? Like, I get a hotel right in front of Tsukiji?
I wake up when I get there I wake up at like four or five right and then I just go
and then there's a place like a stall that just sells like the uni like
like palate like the boat and then i buy that and then i eat it in my room
HAHAHAHA
No, it's the soy that can just stay uni with soy sauce.
It's like..no
You have that race? No, no, no.
No, just uni.
there's this there's also another restaurant that serves that's just like
place but they have a sampler and then they just sell
five or six different kinds of uni from different places.
And then you can put it on like a dumbo team or they said that you can have it just like sesame
And it's like so interesting to see like where like
how it tastes different
and then the i i like to sit at the counter and then like the sushi guy like he always explains
I was like, eat it? this is from like..
the northern side of Japan so like the cold front comes in and then the warm
water comes from here so like that's why it's so sweet you know it's like so cool
I love it, I love it!
That's so creepy